Add Redis disconnect behavior (#4237)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/_index.md

[`Retry-After`]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-7.1.3

### Fallback from Redis

> When the `redis` strategy is used and a Kong node gets disconnected from Redis (Redis server down,
> connection to Redis broken, etc), the `rate-limiting-advanced` plugin will fall back to `local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `redis` strategy is used and a {{site.base_gateway}} node is disconnected from Redis, the `rate-limiting-advanced` plugin will fall back to `local`. This can happen when the Redis server is down or the connection to Redis broken.
```

> Kong will keep the local counters for rate limiting and sync back to Redis once connection is reestablished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} keeps the local counters for rate limiting and syncs with Redis once the connection is re-established.
```

> Kong will still rate limit but the Kong nodes won't be able to sync the counters and users will likely be able

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} will still rate limit, but the {{site.base_gateway}} nodes can't sync the counters. As a result, users will be able
```
